static-neighbor-reports: Update README.md (#23398)
openwrt/packages: net/static-neighbor-reports/README.md

> The SSID of the foreign AP. This option can be omitted, in case it matches the SSID used on the local AP.

Reviewer: A few lines up, `s/followign/following`

Author: Good catch, thanks!

#### iface
Space separated list of hostapd interfaces the neighbor should be installed to.

## Retrieving neighbor information

> To retrieve the neighbor informations of an AP to be isntalled on a foreign AP, make sure the UCI option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To retrieve the neighbor information of an AP to be installed on a foreign AP, make sure the UCI option
```
